Added recommendation about internal URLs (#2138)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/set-up-a-custom-do-not-rewrite-urls-list-with-atp.md

- Any URLs that you specify in the "do not rewrite" list are excluded from ATP Safe Links scanning for the recipients that you specify.

- Consider adding commonly used internal URLs to the "do not rewrite" list to improve the user experience. For example, if you have on-premises services, such as Skype for Business or Sharepoint, you can add their URLs to the list to exclude them from scanning.

- If you already have a list of URLs in your "do not rewrite" list, make sure to review that list and add wildcards as appropriate. For example, if your existing list has an entry like `https://contoso.com/a` and you want to include subpaths like `https://contoso.com/a/b` in your policy, add a wildcard to your entry so it looks like `https://contoso.com/a/*`.

> - When you specify a "do not rewrite" list for an ATP Safe Links policy, you can include up to three wildcard asterisks (\*). Wildcards (\*) are used to explicitly include prefixes or subdomains. The entry `contoso.com` is not the same as `*.contoso.com/*`, because `*.contoso.com/*` allow peoples to visit subdomains and paths in the specified domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When you specify a "do not rewrite" list for an ATP Safe Links policy, you can include up to three wildcard asterisks (\*). Wildcards (\*) are used to explicitly include prefixes or subdomains. The entry `contoso.com` is not the same as `*.contoso.com/*`, because `*.contoso.com/*` allows people to visit subdomains and paths in the specified domain.
```
